[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: This next part we're
gonna make it easy to plug redux into
react using react to redux.
But any questions so far beyond that?
>> Brian Holt: All right.
So, what we're gonna do is, we're gonna
create two different functions here.
One of these we called mapStateToProps and
one is gonna be called mapDispatchToProps.
mapStateToProps = (state).
>> Brian Holt: And.
>> Brian Holt: This expects an object, so
if you remember that we're
gonna use these parenthesis.
So that this is an implicit return.
>> Brian Holt: searchTerm:state.search
term.
>> Brian Holt: Now what's
actually happening here.
>> Brian Holt: When we actually we're
gonna use react redux's ability to plug
components into the react's store.
This is basically saying,
wherever I plug this into react,
pass this in as props, right?
So we're gonna pass the search term as.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so we have
state.searchTerm in our redux store,
right?
We're gonna pass that in
to react as a search term,
the name of the property is
going to be search term, right?
So then, in whatever component I'm
gonna reference it from it's gonna be
this.props.searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: Right?
Does that make sense?
So the first part is
the name of the property.
The second part is from
the state here right,
the current state of the redux store,
the search term, right?
That's what's happening here.
If this looks a little confusing to you
feel free to flesh this out a little
bit to be a little bit more clear.
So, let's get rid of these parentheses,
and
I'll just leave it this way
>> Brian Holt: Right,
that's what's happening there.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's just that function.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that's one half of this, right?
We also wanna be able to
dispatch the actions very easily.
So what we're gonna do
is we're gonna create
what's called const mapDispatchToProps.
And then we're gonna have
dispatch function here.
And then we're gonna return
another object full of functions.
>> Brian Holt: So
we're gonna create a property that we're
gonna pass into other redux type things.
Not react,
we're gonna pass it into react components.
Set search term.
>> Brian Holt: That takes a term,
right, or a search term.
You can call it search
term if you want to.
Search term.
This is another function.
>> Brian Holt: This is fine, too.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're just gonna call dispatch,
which is actually in
a caller root reducer.
You can think of dispatch
as the root reducer.
I don't actually know if it's literally
the root reducer, it might be,
it might be some sort of
layer of misdirection.
But for your thinking about purposes,
just think of dispatch as
the same as root reducer.
Because ultimately,
that's what you are going to see.
>> Brian Holt: Dispatch, and
then we just have to follow this, right?
It's gonna expect a state and an action.
>> Brian Holt: So I guess that there
is a layer of misdirection, so
it's gonna be type.
Set search term, right,
which is what we're getting from up here.
This is a type of action
that we're gonna dispatch.
>> Brian Holt: And then here
we're gonna say value:searchTerm.
So basically, to kind of demonstrate,
inside of one of our react components
we're gonna say this.props.setSearchTerm.
And then we're gonna call
it with a search term.
So it's gonna be whatever search
term I got so, house, right?
Whatever we're getting from our inputs
essentially is what we're gonna do, right?
This is gonna call this dispatch right
here, with this type of action and
this type of value.
This dispatch is going to feed this
in here to this action right here,
with the previous state of
whatever our store was.
Then we're going to modify it and
we're gonna return the state here,
which is gonna be the new state.
That's the entire life cycle, right?
So hopefully, there's some computer
sciency terms being thrown around,
like reducer and blah, right?
But that's actually, it's pretty,
I'll say it's hard, but it's not complex.
I'll put it that way, in my opinion.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now we have these two functions.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna use react redux to make this,
basically a wrapper for react components.
And so we're gonna say, const connector
= reactRedux.connect mapStateToProps and
mapDispatchToProps, okay?
Now I'm gonna say, because we have
a pretty simple redux store, this is okay,
that we only have one connector.
Particularly if you're gonna
have many connectors, right?
Because not all react components
care about all actions or all state.
Typically they only care about
parts of the tree and so
you'll make different connectors for
different components, right?
And you'll customize them to
whatever those components need.
In our case, we're only really
worried about one action and
one piece of state, so this works for now.
And it's also, instead of doing
this inside of your store,
you actually might do this inside of
your different components as well, so.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, module.exports =
connector, and store, right?
And if you remember correctly,
this is the same as connector: connector,
store: store.
But because we're lazy and
we don't have to,
we can just do that, and that works okay.
>> Brian Holt: That's it, the end.
That's all of redux, right?
We've basically touched
almost every part of redux.
The only thing we're not talking about
is middlewares which is not useful for
us to write now.
But if you've ever done Node Express,
a middleware or
something that runs in the middle.
That's all that is with redux.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, I imagine you might
have some questions about what we've done
here, it's pretty dense.
>> Speaker 2: What does
the connect method do?
>> Brian Holt: This one right here?
We're gonna see it in
action momentarily but
basically this is going
to be a way to connect.
It's a wrapper for a component that,
you're gonna call this connect method.
And you're gonna feed it a react
component and it's going to wrap it with.
What it actually does is, it creates
another react component that's going to
feed in props to whatever
component you wrapped it in.
It's a little abstract, you'll actually
see it happen here momentarily,
when we actually implement it.
>> Speaker 3: The mapDispatchToProps, so
it's returning an object
which has a function in?
>> Brian Holt: Yes.
So you could have multiple function in
here if you have multiple action types you
want to dispatch, right?
We only have one action so
we have one method right.
That's typically gonna be
a fairly one-to-one ratio.
That I have one method per one dispatch.
I have one method per one action type
that's actually what I wanted to say.
Not totally true, you could have
a method call dispatch multiple actions.
But, at that point, you might think
about having actions that dispatch other
actions, which mind blowing, right?
But that's also a possibility too, and so,
a question you might ask yourself
is how do I do Ajax with this?
Or asynchronous, right,
cuz this is all synchronous code so far.
So what you would do, is you would
dispatch an action that that action
inside of the action would call out and
do your Ajax for you, right?
Then once the Ajax came back inside of
the callback, where you get the data?
You would dispatch yet another action that
would actually update your store, right?
So you would have an action,
makes Ajax call.
Once the Ajax call comes back,
you dispatch another action
which updates the store.
The end.
>> Speaker 4: On line nine is that
the default state that we're passing into,
would that be the initialstate.searchTerm?
>> Brian Holt: Right here?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: It needs to be an object
because it represents the whole
store, right?
And so as we grow we're
actually gonna do shows here,
we're gonna bring them in here.
So you wanna bring in the entire object,
that make sense?
Okay, well I think once you get
going you'll see that it needs to be
an entire object rather
than just a string, right?
I guess technically,
your entire store could be just a string,
but that's a pretty limited store and
pretty poor use of it [LAUGH].